The repeated calls from his mother should have alerted us.
The sudden noise in the upper rooms should have alerted us.
Their repeated failures to report the problem should have alerted us.
She asked her brother not to be arrogant.
She promised her brother not to be arrogant.
She promised her doctor to remain active after retiring.
My mother promised my father to be more prudent on the road.
The woman was very tall and extremely strong.
Their politicians were more ignorant than stupid.
We shouted an insult and left abruptly.
The cat and the dog should be watched.
My father and my brother will be happy tomorrow.
My book and my pencil could be stolen.
The cow and the hen must be fed.
My mother and my sister will be happy tomorrow.
My shoes and my socks will be found.
The dog and the cow are nervous.
My father and my mother will be happy tomorrow.
My refrigerator and my kitchen table were stolen.
Paul and I could easily be convinced to join you.
You and he could be surprised by her findings.
We and they are on different courses.
The woman who saw a mouse in the corridor is charming.
The woman that your brother saw in the corridor is charming.
The house that John has visited is crumbling.
John sold the car that he had won in a lottery.
He will come provided that you come too.
It is unfortunate that he is not coming either.
I requested that families not be separated.
Mary sorely misses Jim.
My sister is really missing New York.
What he misses most is his dog.
John gave his wonderful wife a nice present.
John told the kids a nice story.
John sent his mother a nice postcard.
John failed to see the relevance of this point.
He failed to respond.
Those who fail to comply with this requirement will be penalized.
John would like to swim across the river.
They ran into the room.
The man ran out of the park.
John guitared his way to San Francisco.
Paul knows that this is a fact.
Paul knows this story.
Paul knows this story is hard to believe.
He knows my sister will not take it.
My sister knows your son is reliable.
John believes Bill to be dishonest.
He liked his father to tell him stories.
She wanted her mother to let her go.
John cooked a big chicken.
John melted a lot of ice.
She likes to grow flowers.
Use the meat knife.
Use the butter knife.
Use the steak knife.
Clean the water filter.
Clean the juice filter.
Clean the tea filter.
Clean the cloth filter.
Clean the metal filter.
Clean the paper filter.
Stop beating around the bush.
You are putting the cart before the horse.
His comment proved to be the straw that broke the camel's back.
His argument really hit the nail on the head.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
The cart has been put before the horse.
With this argument, the nail has been hit on the head.
Have the kids ever watched that movie?
Hasn't your boss denied you a promotion?
Shouldn't I attend this meeting?
Mary looked really happy tonight, didn't she?
We should not do that again, should we?
She was perfect tonight, was she not?
The guy that she is going out with is handsome.
Whom is she going out with these days?
The girl that he has been talking about is smart.
Who was he talking to when you left?
The city that he is arriving from is dangerous.
Where is he arriving from?
Rarely did the dog run.
Never before had she been so unhappy.
Nowhere were the birds so colorful.
Soup is eaten with a large spoon.
Masonry is cut using a diamond blade.
Champagne is drunk in a glass called a flûte.
Should Paul leave, I would be sad.
Should he become president, she would be promoted immediately.
Should he fall, he would get up again immediately.
She had a lot of money but he did not have any.
He did not talk to them very often.
The men are watching each other.
He gave it to the man.
He did not give it to her.
The first four men were exhausted.
The last three candidates were eliminated.
The other two guys left without paying.
He washed his hands.
I brushed my teeth.
You brushed your teeth.
I raised my hand.
He turned his head.
He raised his eyes to heaven.
The strangers  the woman saw were working.
The man  your sister hates is evil.
The girl  my friend was talking about is gone.