the cat he sleeps the cat he slept the cat he slept the cat he had changed a lot Camus
I had a lot of change Camus, these linguists are all fadas, of course it makes you happy to drink it
the coffee you have heated, of course it makes you happy to drink it the coffee you have heated
I know her, I know her, I know her, I know her, I know her, I know her, Paul, I talk to him often,
Paul, I talk to him often, Paul, I talk to him often, Paul, I believe in France, I believe in France, I believe very strongly, it will succeed.
The neuronal translation is impressive, the neuronal translation is true, it is impressive.
Amsterdam, I went often.
I went often to Amsterdam.
I also talk to myself, I also talk to myself.
Dancing, she will do it all her life, she will dance it all her life.
Free, I never speak of it, free, I never follow it, free I never follow it at all, sublime, he was, sublime, he was sublime, he was sublime, he was sublime.
Comedian, he will always remain. Comedian, he will always remain. He was still a comedian. He was still a comedian. He was still a comedian.
I stayed there for a long time. I stayed there for a long time.
In there, did you know what he did? In there, did you know what he did? Julie, I often talk about his success. Julie, I often talk about his success. Julie, I often talk about his success.
I like to ski, I often talk about him in my classes. I like to ski, I often talk about him in my classes. Class, those on 7 have disappeared. Class, those on 7 have disappeared.
This team, the amateurs often suffer because of it. Paul, Pierre fought with this idiot. Paul, Pierre fought with this idiot.
Plastic Bertrand, I have all the records of that fading, plastic Bertrand, I have all the records of that fading.
We saw some statues through thousands. We saw some statues, we saw some statues, we saw some statues, we saw thousands of statues.
I have written one letter, I have written one letter, that I still find one to show, that I still find one to show.
The reading, that's important, the reading, that's important. The speed is over, the speed is over.
A child is precious and fragile, a child is precious and fragile.
A child is moving a lot, a child is moving a lot.
You work hard as a doctor, you work hard as a doctor.
It takes all its energy, this kind of work.
Some books, Jean, I know that she stole a lot of them.
I gave her the book to Luc, I gave her the book to Luc.
He knew she was heavy to bring the suitcase, he knew she was heavy to bring the suitcase.
This story, Marie told him well.
This story, Marie told him well.
I know where Paul went.
I know where Paul went.
I asked him who he was going to sell these statues.
I asked him who he was going to sell them to.
I asked him who he was going to sell them to.
I asked him who these statues were going to sell them to.
I asked him where they were going to sell them to.
